---
layout: default
title: List of resources
author: Gray Calhoun
---

Quickly, a list of the resources we’ve consolidated on the homepage
(for links, go to the [project homepage](/))

For the PhD core: Dan McFadden’s *Statistical Tools for Economists*
and Bruce Hansen’s *Econometrics*, both of which seem reasonably
polished; my own *Core Econometrics*, which is still very rough and
incomplete; and Anna Mikusheva’s and Victor Chernozhukov’s course
material from MIT’s OpenCourseWare (which should have assignments,
exams, etc.)

For “microeconometrics” (a broad category that should probably be
differentiated): Kenneth Train’s *Discrete Choice Models with
Simulation*; Imbens and Wooldridge’s *What’s new in Econometrics*
lecture notes; and four different NBER summer institute methods
lectures.

For “macroeconometrics and financial econometrics” (another too-broad
category): Anna Mikusheva’s course material for Time Series
Econometrics at MIT; and three different NBER summer institute methods
lectures.

The next topic’s not great, but I’m calling it “Machine Learning” for
now: Hastie, Tibshirani, and Friedman’s *Elements of statistical
learning*; and James, Witten, Hastie, and Tibshirani’s *Introduction
to Statistical Learning*; as well as videos for the NBER summer
institute methods lectures, *Econometrics methods for high dimensional
data*

And I’ve added Frank Diebold’s open undergraduate text,
*Econometrics*, as well.